[A] Which of the following are invalid C constants and why?
’3.15’ 35,550 3.25e2
2e-3 ‘eLearning’ "show"
‘Quest’ 23 4 6 5 2
Answer Constants can be of two types in c . They are primary and secondary . The primary ones are integer , character and the real. The secondary
ones are string , array , pointers , structure , union , enum. 
’3.15’ - Invalid becauses a character constant can contain only a single character 
35,550 - Invalid becauses an integer constant cannot contain a comma 
3.35e2 - Valid  
2e-3   - Valis 
'elearning' - Invalid because a character contain cannot contain 
"show" - valid 
'Quest' - Invalid because a charactere constant can contain only a single character 
23 - Invalid because number cannot be a variable name.
4 6 5 2 - Invalid because there cannot be space between the constant 

[B] Which of the following are invalid variable names and why?
B’day int $hello
#HASH dot. number
totalArea _main( ) temp_in_Deg
total% 1st stack-queue
variable name %name% salary

B'day - Invalid because ' is not allowed in the variable name 
int - Invalid because int is a reserved keyword 
$hello - Invalid because a variable name must start from either an alphabet character or an underscore 
#Hash - Invalid the reason is tha same as the previous one 
dot. - Invalid because . is not allowed in a variabale name 
number - Valid 
totalArea - Valid 
_main() - Valid

temp_in_Deg - Valid 
toal% - Invalid as % is not allowed in a variable name 
1st - Invalid because a variable name cannot begin from a number 
stack-queue - Invalid because we cannot use - in a variabale name 
varaible name - Invalid because a variable name cannot contain space 
%name% - Invalid because a variable name must being with a letter or an underscore 
salary - Valid 

[C] State whether the following statements are True or False:
(a) C language was developed by Dennis Ritchie.
(b) Operating systems like Windows, UNIX, Linux and Android are
written in C.
(c) C language programs can easily interact with hardware of a PC /
Laptop.

(d) A real constant in C can be expressed in both Fractional and
Exponential forms.
(e) A character variable can at a time store only one character.
(f) The maximum value that an integer constant can have varies from
one compiler to another.
(g) Usually, all C statements are written in small case letters.
(h) Spaces may be inserted between two words in a C statement.
(i) Spaces cannot be present within a variable name.
(j) C programs are converted into machine language with the help of a
program called Editor.
(k) Most development environments provide an Editor to type a C
program and a Compiler to convert it into machine language.
(l) int, char, float, real, integer, character, char, main, printf and scanf
are keywords.

Answer - a-True 
b - True 
c - True 
d - True 
e - True 
f - True 
g - True 
h - True 
i - True 
j - False 
k - True 
l - True 

